hey YouTube with Gordon's Chris or swag
exfil here back again marine guys
another youtube video today we're have
for you guys is another episode of my
best elite weapon class setup for you
guys to use when you get those elite
weapons and they'll supply drops of
pants and five drops so know what class
time to use so this is gonna be the one
about path louisv but best gun in the
game
the streak easy this is gonna go
hand-in-hand so I'm using the obsidian
steed today I'd you see this game clash
off a DNA bomb with it and this is my
first time using the obsidian Sita I'll
throw out advanced warfare I've never
had this gun and then I finally obtained
it and it's I didn't understand how good
it was the damage on it is really really
good so on the screen you're gonna see
the stats of the obsidian Steve we have
two plus damage which really separates
it from many guns of the game it's just
a really powerful gun I don't really
understand it melts in three shots
anywhere across the map so it's a really
really efficient gun um the accuracy can
be taken away with grips so you know
that balances it out the fire rate is
one thing that really you know slows it
down when you get up up close gunfights
but I believe that to plus damage really
helps it out and then we have the -1
handling and +1 mobility which isn't too
big of a deal if you use lightweight so
that's it that's the stats of the city
and Steve this gun is really really good
you know it's a really vibrant colors it
has gold all over it so it's a really
really good gun and let me know that
comm section if you guys actually have
this gun cuz I never knew how good it is
and I don't know if the inferno is
better than this or not I'm not 100%
sure but anyways let's get into the best
class out of friend obsidian Steve in
this gameplay I was using the obsidian
steed with grip which really helps out
the accuracy you know bounced it out
with the recoil I had the stock which
you should run on every single assault
rifle my opinion and I'm extended clip
because I playground world line so I run
into multiple enemies so that extended
mags definitely helps out a lot and then
I use lightweight lightweight is it's so
underrated because you feel so slow
without it if you don't notice it even
with the XO so you feel so slow at the
movie when you have an AR so lightweight
is a really beneficial thing peripherals
is also good I use toughness scavenger I
do not use blast suppressor because in
ground work I get so many system hacking
UAVs that I feel like I don't need to
you know use it and then we have the
overclock just to get around the map so
that's the best class that of you guys
you'll see
the screen oh yeah this gun is really
really good I didn't understand how Opie
was with the two plus damage it's really
good I think it's one of my favorite
guns in advanced warfare but it's not I
don't think it's the best gun I feel
like the speakeasy is a lot better more
efficient especially with the exosuit
how you can just jump around with
because I have a scuf controller if you
guys don't know which I probably show
you in a couple of videos later
but anyways in my last video I posted a
tips on it for any upcoming youtubers
some tips go check that out in the
description below make sure you give
this video 280 likes for another best
class setup let me know if this helps
you at all Deenie bomb I'll let it go
off for you guys on talk to you later
stay humble stay blessed subscribe for
more unique class setups alone to get
you guys better at Call of Duty or
entertaining videos more stories all
that type of stuff so I'll see you guys
later stay humble stay blessed expect a
video tomorrow for the reveal trailer of
black ops 3 I'm really excited for I'm
gonna do a reaction video to it so you
know it should be pretty fun I'll tell
you guys later since I prefer new row to
5,000 subscribers I'm out guys peace